Strangely ::source:: and ::target:: find it impossible to resist locking arms with each other, this will last until one of them discovers the magic word.
A thousand winged chimps materialize and profess their devotion to ::target:: until the end of time.  This could become problematic should they become jealous.
A thousand winged chimps materialize and profess their devotion to ::source:: until the end of time.  This could become problematic should they become jealous.
Instantly, ::source:: turns into a "Bronie" and ::target:: morphs into a living replica of a new My Little Pony character named Zep, whose special ability is pyromania, however the little lit zippo on their flank is very cute.
The skin of ::target:: becomes dark and reptilian, ::source:: suddenly looks very, very tasty.
All of the undergarments become transposed between ::source:: and ::target:: unless one or both are wearing no undergarments, in which case they both become naked.
The air changes and ::target:: becomes encased in a cube of strawberry jello, about 1 foot longer than ::target:: is tall.
The air changes and ::source:: becomes encased in a cube of lemon jello, about 1 foot longer than ::source:: is tall.
::target:: becomes a little teapot decorated with green fanged bunny rabbits.  ::source:: suddenly has the urge to drink tea.
::source:: becomes a little teapot painted with animal figures doing obscene things to each other.  ::target:: suddenly has the urge to make tea.
::target:: becomes an exact physical copy of ::source:: in every detail.  Without any further warning, it becomes blatantly obvious that ::target:: is the real one and ::source:: is the imposter, for everyone but ::source::.
::source:: becomes an exact physical copy of ::target:: in every detail.  Without any further warning, it becomes blatantly obvious that ::source:: is the real one and ::target:: is the imposter, for everyone but ::target::.
A sink appears in ::target::'s lap.  It functions, but no one is quite sure where the water comes from, or where the drain goes.
The ghosts of IRC past appear and follow ::target:: around, but all of them glare at ::source:: as they do so, very unhappy at being summoned.
The ghost of IRC future appears and level an unsettling gaze at ::source:: until they breaks eye contact with the ghost.
::target:: turns on a radio and after some fiddling with the dial finds a radio station reporting in the style of a sports commentator on ::source::'s every move.  Odd, who uses radio anymore?
::source:: turns on a radio and after some fiddling with the dial finds a radio station talking about ::target::'s motives and feelings in the style of a film noir.  Odd, who uses radio anymore?
The color of ::target::'s skin slowly turns baby-blue and takes on a powdery texture, smelling faintly of raspberries.
The color of ::source::'s skin slowly turns highlighter-yellow and takes on a super-smooth high gloss texture, smelling faintly of campfire smoke.
::target:: begins to see everything as being read in a book, only then realizing that it is actually ::source:: reading a book, and ::target:: is just a side character, not the focus of the story.  One can't be sure if ::source:: is surprised by that or not.
Marshmallows, 100 of them in all shapes and sizes possible, march through the room on invisible legs and demand to speak with ::target:: on behalf of "The Empire of ::source::, May they Live Forever in the Glorious light of ::source::".
One hundred million U.S. dollars appear mysteriously at ::target::'s feet in a large suitcase.  Anyone who tries to take the money other than ::target:: loose the ability to value money for 3 days upon touching the suitcse.
::target::'s clothes become a detailed Sailor Moon costume, if ::target:: is male, he grows large breasts, his legs become shapely and the hair on them falls out.  Also, ::target:: becomes incapable of doing anything without crying about it.
The last 5 images ::source:: looked at on Tumblr come to life in ::target::'s living room.  If ::target:: has no living room, the nearest bathroom is used instead.
Silk ropes spring out of thin air and wrap ::target::'s wrists and ankles securely, only ::source:: can untie the knots or cut the ropes.
Suddenly, ::target:: finds they are standing in the lawn of an Old Man, the Old Man is screaming at the top of his lungs to get off his lawn, holding a "Jugs" magazine and shaking it violently at ::target::.
Suddenly, ::source:: finds they are standing in the lawn of an Old Man, the Old Man is screaming at the top of his lungs to get off his lawn, holding a "Jugs" magazine and shaking it violently at ::source::.
For the next several hours, every word that ::target:: says just sounds like "Moo".
For the next several hours, every word that ::source:: says just sounds like "Moo".
::target:: proves they are a "real man".  If ::target:: is not a man, they become one suited exactly to the taste of ::source:: until ::source:: stops having these strange fantasies.
::source:: begins to tell everyone how ::target:: is the most beautiful woman of all time.  If ::target:: is not a woman, they become one suited exactly to the taste of ::source:: until ::source:: stops having these strange fantasies.
A young and very pretty english woman with a lust for high end computer hardware appears and chews on ::target::, ::source:: is next.
A dragon appears and eats ::source::.  It is completely up to ::target:: the context and usage of the word "eats".
A chocolate clone of ::source:: appears.  This chocolate ::source:: is sentient and smells delicious.
A hard candy clone of ::target:: appears.  This candy ::target:: is sentient and smells delicious.
Large and voluptuous of breasts grow on ::target::.  If ::target:: already has breasts, this new pair are placed according to the wishes of ::source:: (they need not be placed as a pair in this instance).
An above average sized penis grows on ::target::.  If ::target:: already has one a new one will grow from a location specified by ::source:: and, in any case, it is fully functional.
::target:: is teleported to a ship, apparently with pirates taking over, it is fine though since they are looking for ::source::, not ::target::.  Getting back may prove difficult.
Those strange dreams about pickles and naked women only get worse and more frequent for ::target:: and will from now on begin to prominently feature ::source::.
Those strange dreams about the Pepsi challenge and bald men only get worse and more frequent for ::source:: and will from now on begin to prominently feature ::target::.
A polar bear appears and cuddles with ::target::, even if ::target:: would rather not.  If ::target:: escapes, the polar bear glares an icey look of anger at them.
A panda appears and cuddles with ::source::, even if ::source:: would rather not.  If ::source:: escapes the panda gets sad.
Mysteriously ::target:: is sucked into a pokeball held by ::source::.  A few minutes later, ::source:: decides to shout out "::target::, I choose you!" and expects them to fight.
Mysteriously ::source:: is sucked into a pokeball held by ::target::.  A few minutes later, ::target:: decides to shout out "::source::, I choose you!" and expects them to fight.
A pokeball appears, sucks ::target:: in, and then vanishes leaving a business card with a download code for "One free play on Pokemon Plaid in its place.  The opposide side of the card advertises new Pokemon and a complete redesign of the game from the ground up.
A pokeball appears, sucks ::source:: in, and then vanishes leaving a business card with a download code for "One free play on Pokemon Plaid in its place.  The opposide side of the card advertises new Pokemon and a complete redesign of the game from the ground up.
Rainbow glitter poofs out from ::source:: in all directions, leaving them and anyone within a 3 meter radius of ::source:: completely covered from head to toe in extremely fine rainbow glitter.
Silver and gold glitter poofs out from ::target:: in all directions, leaving them and anyone within a 3 meter radius of ::target:: completely covered from head to toe in extremely fine silver and gold glitter.
::target:: wins the next United States presidential election with ::source:: as the vice president, by write-in if necessary.  If needed proper birth certifications are found for both ::source:: and ::target::.  All manual counts will show the election was not rigged, every time.
::target:: finds themselves swimming in an exceptionally large bowl of chilli while ::source:: becomes increasingly hungry.  At least the chilli smells good.
A rather nice and well dressed monkey gives chocolate cake to ::target:: leaving none left for ::source::.